docs: add tools and processes docs (#977)
asyncapi/community: docs/tools-and-processes/contribute.md

---
title: Contribute to Docs
weight: 10
---

## Contribute to Docs

These are some ways to get your first task:

1. <b>Work on existing docs issues</b>: Look for issues with the `docs`, `documentation`, `area/docs`, and `good-first-issue` tags on the [Docs Project board](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/12).

2. <b>Update current docs</b>: Surf the existing documentation, look for `typos`, `grammar`, `errors`, create an issue, and send a Pull Request. 

3. <b>Propose new docs</b>: If you have any ideas or suggestions for necessary documentation, create an issue and ask for help to work on the task.

> 4. <b>Connect with a docs mentor</b>: Send a DM via [Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite) to Alejandra Quetzalli to get assigned to a task.

Author: @alequetzalli i was thinking to add a link that would redirect someone to your slack inbox...i did make some research on how to achieve that and came across this from[ slack docs](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/360003827751-Create-a-link-to-a-members-profile-). what could be your thoughts on this?

Reviewer: great question! Let's not add my name so that we can have the guide be the source of information 😃 

The way you have it now is perfect because it invites people to join the community on slack, vs only naming one person.

> 4. <b>Connect with a docs mentor</b>: Send a DM via [Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite) to Alejandra Quetzalli to get assigned to a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. <b>Connect with a docs mentor</b>: Ask for a `good-first-issue` in the `#13_docs` channel of the [AsyncAPI Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite) workspace. 
```
